five most bizarre Pokémon gadgets first
up the Pokémon money B it just says give
me coins okay so you place your coin on
this platform and then just click
down Ah that's just freaky the Pikachu
spinning top looks permanently surprised
probably because you have to plug his
handle directly into his head to find
out how good it is I choose you let's
compare it to a real
Beyblade we actually removed its LEDs
it's dead of course there is also a
Pokémon toaster and this is an
officially licensed product so I'm
expecting something pretty special why
is it smoking already and it looks like
a Poké ball and it tastes pretty bad the
greatest phone case doesn't exist oh my
god wow this is such a cool idea they've
created a customiz window so that your
card is secured from the inside the
Gastly humidifier has got to be the
coolest idea Gastly is a ghost type
Pokémon with this distinctive Misty
Trail wow the water's Mist mimics the
real Mist given off by the Pokémon